this is microsoft hololens it's
the company's augmented reality
headset
we saw early versions of this
last year but now it's more than
a prototype this weekend started
shipping to developers and
commercial customers who have a
three thousand dollars to
experience the AR headset and
all of its glory
but what's it really like to
wear it I'm Lauren good
reporting for the verge and this
over here on my right is my
colleague tom warren if you have
followed the verge of stories
about microsoft and probably
know Thomas this is the main
event the hollow lens itself so
it's definitely not unobtrusive
but considering the size it's
actually pretty lightweight you
put it on by fitting this
interior band around your head
and then you use this twisty
dial in the back to justice it
you can either arrest on your
nose or just above it
they're tapping is how you
select things when you're gazing
at all of the virtual stuff in
the world around you
there's also a hand gesture
called the bloom that tells the
computer to go back to the start
menu
so yeah this thing is an entire
computer on your head
it runs on windows 10 which
means that in addition to hollow
lens specific apps you can do
just normal stuff too like
browse the web you can see how
the air tapping becomes more
than just a select function in a
game like Robo raid which Tom
played for a while the other day
while wearing hollow lens to tap
the place in the world and its
task and environment you walk
around and it scans you can see
it pulsating off the walls over
there and this this makes the
best you something of the
spatial sound you can hear in
the headset so you can hear
stuff when it's attacking from
behind so there you go
basically you can tap and you
shoot at these little ribbons
here
you can also aercap your way
through hollow studio which is
in all seriousness a holographic
app for making other holographic
apps but if you're not into
making apps you can do stuff
like make a skype call to the
verge office back in new york
city life
hello hey this is this is tom
warren
he is currently talking to us on
the whole lens oh wow
and seeing what he seems yeah
this is crazy
so what you're really
experiencing with whole lens is
mixed reality some stuff is real
some stuff is not unlike a big
all-encompassing VR headset like
oculus rift
you can still see some of the
things around you while you're
browsing the web or playing
games things like walls or
chairs or this table
it also feels slightly less
dangerous going to be our
headset because you actually
have spatial recognition in a
sense of depth
so you know maybe you don't hurt
yourself trying to lean on an
imaginary desk but the way it's
built also means that it's way
less immersive and Microsoft has
promised it to be
it's like the difference between
looking at a projection of stars
on your wall vs sitting in the
middle of a pitch-black
planetarium
the graphics you've been
watching this video are the
video outputs we got from
Microsoft
but when you're actually wearing
it the field of view is limited
and that probably won't change
once microsoft ships this to
consumers
so we had some fun with this new
version of hollow lens
it's clear that microsoft
envision this initially is
something that will be used
mostly for enterprise
applications and an education
and gaming - what it will mean
for the consumer market is still
really a big unknown and
Microsoft is hoping that app
developers might help shape that
it's definitely improved from
the Holland's prototypes we born
before and the experience of
using it is way cooler than what
it physically looks like but it
is still a headset on your head
and as cool as it is it's a
relief to take it off and return
to the real world after a while
should I read on the bridge
today we have 34 new articles so
far this morning meal i must be
so happy